# DDoS_Attack

(Abstract[https://drive.google.com/file/d/1freJJsLJw8eXxdhQ-rUhwrkOYfqXat5r/view?usp=sharing])—Denial of service attack is a server attack that attempts to prevent authorized users from accessing a system. Perpetrator overwhelms a computer network or system with a very high number of bogus requests which leads the system becoming unable to respond to legitimate requests. Most DoS attacks that takeplace today are Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS), which involves hundreds or thousands of devices flooding the server with requests [1]. Victims of DoS attacks are often high-profile organizations such as banking, commerce, and media companies. DoS attacks do not typically result in the theft or loss of significant information or other assets, but they can cost the victim a great deal of time and money to handle, and in today's economy time is money. There are several types of DoS attacks. This paper will focus on flooding of services, these attacks include ICMP flood, and SYN flood [2]. This paper will also cover botnet in the use of a Distributed Denial of Service and explain the Mirai botnet attack. Next, I will explain some of the motivation for cybercriminals to commit a Denial-of-Service attack. I will also explain ways that businesses can mitigate some DDoS attacks. Finally, I will look at a real-life case study of the GitHub Memcached DDoS attack.


Keywords—Denial of service, Distributed  Denial  of  Service, flooding, ICMP   flood, SYN flood, Botnet, Cybercriminals, Memcached, Server, Authorized
